Sending toast notifications from desktop apps sample
====================================================

This sample demonstrates how a desktop app can display a toast notification and respond to events generated by the user's interaction (or lack of interaction) with the toast.

The sample shows the metrics involved in the following scenarios:

-   Adding an item to a list
-   Bringing a new page onto the screen

**Note**  The Windows-classic-samples repo contains a variety of code samples that exercise the various programming models, platforms, features, and components available in Windows and/or Windows Server. This repo provides a Visual Studio solution (SLN) file for each sample, along with the source files, assets, resources, and metadata needed to compile and run the sample. For more info about the programming models, platforms, languages, and APIs demonstrated in these samples, check out the documentation on the [Windows Dev Center](https://dev.windows.com). This sample is provided as-is in order to indicate or demonstrate the functionality of the programming models and feature APIs for Windows and/or Windows Server. This sample was created for Windows 8.1 and/or Windows Server 2012 R2 using Visual Studio 2013, but in many cases it will run unaltered using later versions. This sample was created for Windows 8.1 and/or Windows Server 2012 R2 using Visual Studio 2013, but in many cases it will run unaltered using later versions. Please provide feedback on this sample!

To get a copy of Windows, go to [Downloads and tools](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=301696).

To get a copy of Visual Studio, go to [Visual Studio Downloads](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=301697).

Related topics
--------------

[Quickstart: Sending a toast notification from the desktop](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/hh802768)

[How to enable desktop toast notifications through an AppUserModelID](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/hh802762)

Operating system requirements
-----------------------------

Client

Windows 8.1

Server

Windows Server 2012 R2

Build the sample
----------------

**Important**  This sample requires Visual Studio Professional 2012, Visual Studio 2013, or later versions of Visual Studio (any SKU) and won't compile in Microsoft Visual Studio Express 2013 for Windows.

1.  Start Visual Studio Professional 2012, Visual Studio 2013, or later versions of Visual Studio (any SKU) and select **File \> Open \> Project/Solution**.
2.  Go to the directory named for the sample, and double-click the Microsoft Visual Studio Solution (.sln) file.
3.  Press F7 (or F6 for Visual Studio 2013) or use **Build \> Build Solution** to build the sample.

**For C\#**: Before you build this sample, you must download and install the [Windows API Code Pack for Microsoft .NET Framework](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=160560). This provides a source code library that can be used to access some features of Windows 8.1, Windows 7, and Windows Vista from managed code.

Run the sample
--------------

To debug the app and then run it, press F5 or use **Debug \> Start Debugging**. To run the app without debugging, press Ctrl+F5 or use **Debug \> Start Without Debugging**.

How to use the sample
---------------------

In the sample window, click the **View Text Toast** button. A sample toast notification appears on the screen.

As the user, there are three actions you can take:

-   Touch or click the toast. In a real-world app, this would commonly launch the associated app.
-   Horizontally swipe the toast to dismiss it.
-   Do nothing. The toast will time out.

The action you take will be displayed in the sample window to demonstrate the receipt of the event. In a real-world situation, your app would respond appropriately to each of these events.

Be aware that for a desktop app to be able to display toast notifications, that app must have a shortcut on the Start screen as this sample does. That shortcut must have an [AppUserModelID](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/dd378459).

