{\rtf1
{\comment ************************************************************
* 
* This is a simple RTF help file. It was constructed with a regular
* text editor, and using normal RTF syntax to define the various
* things that the Help Compiler knows how to interpret, and turn into
* a proper WinHelp file.
*
* Where necessary and appropriate, there will be comments like this
* one to assist you in understanding what this help file is doing.
*
**********************************************************************
}

{\comment ************************************************************
* 
* Before we do anything else, we need to define the font table that we
* will be using, I will then set the default font to '0' (Arial)
* and the font size to 16
* 
**********************************************************************
}

{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss Arial;
\f1\froman Times New Roman;
\f2\fmodern Courier New;
\f3\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f4\froman MS Serif;
}
\deff0
\fs18

{\comment ************************************************************
* 
* Now lets get started. Here is the first topic of this help file. It
* is normal for this to be the OVERVIEW page.
* 
**********************************************************************
}

{\comment ************************************************************
*         OVERVIEW
**********************************************************************
}
\keepn
{\comment ************************************************************
* The WinHelp compiler turns 'footnotes' into the special index tags
* used to organize the popups and jumps throughout your help file.
**********************************************************************
}

{\comment ************************************************************
* WinHelp used 'footnotes' to keep track of various aspects about a
* particular help page. The three most common footnote types are
* "#", "$", and "K".
* --------------------------------------------------------------------
* # Specifies a context string. The text parameter can be any
*   combination of letters and digits but must not contain spaces.
*   Uppercase and lowercase characters are treated as equivalent
*   characters (case-insensitive). The context string can be used
*   with the \v statement in other topics to create links to this
*   topic. (I'll talk about this later). The Context string should be
*   unique to this help file, and is never actually seen by the user.
* --------------------------------------------------------------------
* $ Specifies a topic title. Windows Help uses the topic title to
*   identify the topic in the Search and History dialog boxes. The
*   text parameter can be any combination of characters including
*   spaces. 
* --------------------------------------------------------------------
* K Specifies a keyword. Windows Help displays all keywords in the
*   Help file in the Search dialog box and allows a user to choose
*   a topic to view by choosing a keyword. The text parameter can be
*   any combination of characters including spaces. If the first
*   character is the letter K, it must be preceded with an extra
*   space or a semicolon. More than one keyword can be given by
*   separating the keywords with semicolons (;). A topic cannot
*   contain keywords unless it also has a topic title. 
**********************************************************************
}

#{\footnote OVERVIEW}
${\footnote Overview}
K{\footnote Overview}
{
\b
\fs32
statlist: A PDH Demonstration Program
}
\par
\pard

\sb150
Statlist is a demonstration program to illustrate how the Performcnce
Data Helper (PDH) library can be used to collect performance data and
display statistical summaries of that performance data.
\par

To view system performance data with Statlist, you must first select
one or more performance counters to monitor. Counters are added by selecting
the Configure Menu Item, then selecting the \"Add Counter...\" menu 
selection. A dialog box will then display all the counters available on 
the system. Select the desired performance object and counter, then 
press the \"OK\" button to add that counter to the list in the main
window.
\par

To obtain the current data for the counter(s) that have been selected,
simply click the \"Get Data!\" menu selection and the current data value
will be displayed in the window along with all the updated
statistical values. 
\par

{\b Note:} that only the last 100 samples are used in the
computation of the statistics.
\par

\par
\pard

{\comment ************************************************************
* Hot Spots:
* Here is where we actually end up using the 'Context String' data
* that we specify in footnotes. There are two important parts of
* this. First, is the 'label' for the footnote, which is followed
* by the 'destination'. The 'label' must have some sort of underline
* style associated with it. A double underline (as used here) means
* that this is a 'jump' hotspot, which means WinHelp will jump to
* the help topic indicated by the destination. A single underline
* would cause a 'popup' hotspot, which means a popup window is
* brought up temporarily with the help topic data. The 'destination'
* must immediately follow the 'label', and uses the \v attribute
* which would normally make the text 'invisible' or 'hidden' So
* in the first example below, the user would see 'Introduction' on
* their help page, and when they click on it, it jumps to the
* topic with a '#' footnote label of 'INTRODUCTION'. To create
* popup hotspots instead of \uldb, use \ul or \strike.
**********************************************************************
}
{\fs18 \b Menu Items:}\par
\tab{\uldb File{\v MENU_FILE}}\par
\tab{\uldb Configure{\v MENU_CONFIGURE}}\par
\tab{\uldb Get Data!{\v MENU_GETDATA}}\par
\tab{\uldb Help{\v MENU_HELP}}\par

\pard
\page

{\comment ************************************************************
*         File Menu Item
**********************************************************************
}
\keepn
#{\footnote MENU_FILE}
${\footnote Menu Items}
K{\footnote Menu Items: File}
{\fs24 \b File}
\par\pard
\sb100
{\fs18 \b Exit}
\par
\pard

Closes the application and exits the program.
\par
\pard

\page

{\comment ************************************************************
*         Configure Menu Item
**********************************************************************
}
\keepn
#{\footnote MENU_CONFIGURE}
${\footnote Menu Items}
K{\footnote Menu Items: Configure}
{\fs24\b Configure}
\par\pard
\sb100
{\fs18\b Add Counter...}
\par\pard

Displays a dialog box that lists the performance objects and counters that
are available to be monitored. Selecting a performance counter from this
dialog will add it to the list of performance counters displayed in the 
main window.
\par
\pard

\sb100
{\fs18\b Clear All Counters}
\par
\pard

Deletes all the counters from the display.
\par
\pard

\page

{\comment ************************************************************
*         Menu: Get Data!
**********************************************************************
}
\keepn
#{\footnote MENU_GETDATA}
${\footnote Menu Items}
K{\footnote Menu Items: Get Data!}
{\fs24\b Get Data!}
\par\pard
\sb100
{\fs18\b Get Data!}
\par
\pard

Obtains the current value of all counters in the display from the system
and updates the display with the current data and the current statistical
values. If more than 100 samples have been collected, the statistics 
represent only the 100 most recent samples.
\par

\sb100
{\b Note:} If a counter has been added that is the same as one already in
the list, it may take several data samples for the "last value" of each to 
agree. This is due to the fact that many counters are differentiated over
time and the time interval of the existing counter will be different than
that of the newly added counter until several samples have been taken.
\par
\pard

\page

{\comment ************************************************************
*         Menu: Help
**********************************************************************
}
\keepn
#{\footnote MENU_HELP}
${\footnote Menu Items}
K{\footnote Menu Items: Help}
{\fs24\b Help}
\par\pard
\sb100
Displays this help text.
\par
\pard

\page


{\comment *** End of RTF File *** }
}
